Added Python Wave Serial Encoder Example (#2)
stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-IKS02A1: README.md

* X_NUCLEO_IKS02A1_ISM330DHCX_SingleTap: This application shows how to detect the single tap event using the X-NUCLEO-IKS02A1 ISM330DHCX accelerometer.
* X_NUCLEO_IKS02A1_ISM330DHCX_DoubleTap: This application shows how to detect the double tap event using the X-NUCLEO-IKS02A1 ISM330DHCX accelerometer.

There are several examples with the X-NUCLEO-IKS02A1 Audio library.

> * X_NUCLEO_IKS02A1_Python_Wave_Serial_Encoder: This application shows how to record some data with IMP34DT05 digital microphone and send by serial to a Python application that write data to a wave file (Python application can be downloades at https://github.com/stm32duino/Python-Wave-Serial-Encoder)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* X_NUCLEO_IKS02A1_Python_Wave_Serial_Encoder: This application shows how to record some data with [IMP34DT05](https://www.st.com/en/mems-and-sensors/imp34dt05.html) digital microphone and send them through serial to a Python application which will write data to a wave file (Python application can be downloaded at https://github.com/stm32duino/Python-Wave-Serial-Encoder)
```
